RHDEVDOCS-7548: Creating content for the GitOps Console plugin (#113167)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/gitops-enabling-console-plugin.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="gitops-enabling-console-plugin_{context}"]

> = Enabling the GitOps console plugin

Reviewer: Are we going to capitalize the name here

GitOps Console Plugin

Author: Fixed.

> You can enable the GitOps console plugin to access GitOps resources in the {product-title} web console.

Reviewer: Are we going to capitalize the name?

GitOps Console Plugin

Author: Fixed.

.Prerequisites

* You have installed the {gitops-title} Operator.
* You have access to the {product-title} web console with cluster administrator permissions.

> .Procedure

Reviewer: I don't think we these steps any more (lines 12 to 46.  Instead add the following to help users to enable the plugin in case they find that the plugin is actually disabled:

-----

If after you installed the operator, and the plugin is still disabled, you need to enabled it via these steps:

- Go to Home->Overview. In the Status panel, click on the Dynamic Plugins link
--> You will see a popup with a link to view all dynamic plugins
- Click on the _View all_ link
- Under the Console plugins tab, find gitops-plugin
- If it is disabled, click on the Enable link to enable the plugin
- This might require a refresh of the browser, after which, the page will indicate that the plugin is Enabled

Author: Fixed.

. In the {product-title} web console, navigate to the *Overview* page.

. In the *Status* section, click the *Dynamic Plugins* link.
+
The Console details plugin page appears.

. Click *Create ConsolePlugin*.

. In the YAML editor, add the following sample YAML configuration:
+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: console.openshift.io/v1
kind: ConsolePlugin
metadata:
  name: example
spec:
  backend:
    service:
      name: my-backend-service
      namespace: default
      port: 443
    type: Service
  displayName: myConsolePlugin
----

. Click *Create*.
+
The ConsolePlugin is created and becomes ready.

.Verification

> * Navigate to *GitOps* and validate whether you can access Applications, ApplicationSets, AppProjects, and Rollouts pages.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Navigate to *GitOps* and verify that you can access Applications, ApplicationSets, AppProjects, and Rollouts pages.
```

Author: Fixed.
